Ideas for different sections (EDITABLE)
---------------------------------------
Add your ideas in different sections



1. Services
  1. Hospital
      1. Linking Pregnent mothers under a single portal, so that new diseases can be found and medicines 
      for that diseases could be developed.
       
  2. Personal security -->
      1. Police
               POLICE BACKGROUND CHECK -->
               An app for police officers to scan the face of a person and get all his records like:
                   * Driving licence : No need of carrying driving licence.
	           * Previous Crime records (Even petty cases)
               They could add details regarding the crimes committed by that person.
               Even if its petty cases like not wearing helmets or seatbelts.This is done at the time of 
               arresting that person.The penality should be payed online.So the chances of corruption decreases.  
      2. Emergency
  3. Govt Office
  
  
2. Agriculture
    1. Blockchain
    2. Bigdata


3. Animals(Forest)
	1. Animal extinction is hitting the life cycle dynamics, so linking those animals(in forest) for safety,
       	   helping find preys(based on the position/number of preys) for those animal, migrating to different places
       	   etc..
       	HOW?
          1. Fixing vibratory or some physical stimulation devices to those animals(this can be fixed without harming
            those species, like inpregnating IOT devices that draws charge from their body)
      	WHEN? 
          1. There is no question like when, all animals/birds living in the forest could be tracked by this method.
             So no WHEN...
       	WHERE?
          1. Almost all forest have some animals that are under extinction have some animals that are highly 
             important for the life cycle dynamics of the forest.


4. Education
    1. Connecting different universities for research and education
 
5. Real Estate (Block Chain)
    1. For making the details of the real estate transactions available to brokers, government officials,  banks, buyers and sellers.
       Usage of blockchain in Real Estate will :
       		~Improve the process of property seraching
		~Enable smarter decision making
		~Subsequent property and Cash flow management
    
6. Waste management blockchain
    1. WasteCOIN
        1. Higher the value of the material recycled, higher is his/her chance to decrypt the code and get the reward
        2. If higher toxic materials are recycled he/she get the reward

  
